---
layout: post
title:      "What is Happening  "
date:       2020-01-21 00:01:41 +0000
permalink:  what_is_happening
---

So, is anyone else actually struggling as much as me ?! Working on Ruby has been a hurdle and a half. Since the beginning im still having issues really getting what this magical land of Ruby has to offer. After the first weeks of coding I’ve realized eventually this unicorn language has to get easier and it has. Ruby has been a struggle for me from the start. Though I’m not much of a math person I can work logically and from what I’ve seen so far there isn’t a straight forward logical way to do this form of coding. You are constantly thinking of a new way to do the code. My brain hasn't worked out this much since college ....8 years ago. Even learning Japanese is easier than ruby. There are a million ways to make the code work and all at the same time there is only one way that really makes “sense” to get the right solutions. So right now I’ve decided that ruby is the hunger games and I’m Peeta. Not only am I going to need help, I’m not even the main character! 
But I digress, let me get to what i've actually done. So far working from the beginning of Ruby I've worked through Arrays, Iteration, Hashes, Data Structures and a bunch more as I roll my way into Object Orientation. In my humble opinion, Iteration was one of the hardest parts of procedural ruby. There are so many ways to get your answers but only within a specific set of parameters. To be even more specific, the badges and schedules and the cartoon lab were especially difficult. As I look at the code now it seems to make sense but as i was trying to figure out what of the few 100 things ive learned in the past week that i need to use it was a hard time to master. 
My advice to anyone who is just starting and doesn't feel confident is to just keep going. Ask a question after you're stuck for 10 minutes on one thing. Don't be afraid to ask over and over even if its on the same question. It's the only way you will learn at the speed that you need to to pass the course on time. Be active in the slack channel, put on the notifications so you can see when people want to pair or ask a question to the channel. Watch study groups in parts of ruby that you aren't up to yet. Everything will help you get ahead.
As this break week starts im not taking much of a break and will continue to work through the work that needs to be done for the week after. Being ahead is being just in time....and being on time is late. 
